A:

We are currently done with our project and working on the final parts for the Final Report and organizing our information to make things easier for the person who will look at the project to see our intention and how our application works.
I feel i have contributed to the project a decent share, but more in the early stages of planning and getting off the ground than towards the end of the project. A factor in this might be that we had a lot of coding we did that i still feel somewhat unfamiliar with so i felt it was harder to take a confident stance on in discussion and harder to take initiative to work on.

B:

A personal goal of mine now is to be able to work in an Agile fashion in a more cohesive way, and by that i mean that i would like to work like this as my primary mode for a more extended period of time to work out an even better workflow and communication. Also a goal i have is to be less apprehensive about asking to be included in more parts of the working process. Right now i feel like drift away from the work when i feel less confident in my abilities to contribute on my own and feel codependant on someone in the groups knowledge. This is a weakness because in an agile workflow asking for help is a codefied part of the process, but at the same time i feel like i would waste their time having to go over things twice when we are under such strict time-constraints per sprint or for the course project.

A->B:

To achieve my goals i think working in a more direct long term project would be a good step. Right now people are split between multiple courses that have different deadlines, and some people are also working part time. We noticed problems in this in our 3rd sprint but alleviated most of the scheduling issues properly. But for me, i felt it still had an impact on how i reacted to certain conditions where i felt i might fall behind in knowledge on parts of a project. 
Another thing i need to work on is confidence to ask for help and time from my teammated, and in a more focused project where its the primary occupation for everyone involved i think it would be easier for me to ask for that.
Another way would also be to practice SCRUM and Agile workflows more, even in unfavorable conditions, like in personal projects. 
